All right, let's do this, so download the footage if you haven't already or have your footage that
you're going to use.
Ready to be dragged into your editing software.
So because we've already done two projects where we've really done the beginning stages of the workflow
and of creating our proper folders, we're going to start spending less time on those pre preparation
phases and we're going to start spending more time on the more editing process, the finalizing process
and the refining process so that our exports are even better as we go through the course.
Now, like I mentioned, I already have my folders set up and ready to go.
I have an audio folder that has the audio that we're going to be using for the project.
I have a behind the scenes folder with footage and clips from the shoot.
We may use some of this.
We may not will see.
As you can see, that's how it went down.
And we have our footage folder.
This is our main footage that we're going to be using.
This content was shot in four case, will also be walking you through the creating your proxy's step
in this section.
And I already have the premiere folder ready to go.
And we have the student dallas' folder.
That's the folder that you'll be using for your footage.
So once you have all your folders ready, of course, your next step is going to be to back up that
footage in those folders.
So go ahead and copy your entire main folder.
Drag it and paste it into your external separate hard drive and create your backup duplicate version
of your project files.
And once that's done, we're going to go to our editing software.
We're going to create a new project.
I'm just going to title this, the violinist, because it is a violinist performance.
OK, the name.
And then we're going to set the location
inside the proper editing file.
And it OK, now that we have our editing project ready to go, the next stage is going to be to drag
in our main footage folder.
Let's go ahead and drag that in
and we can go ahead and drag in our audio folder as well.
For you, it may look different.
You might not have an audio and footage folder yet, but you navigate to your downloads folder for your
personal project folder and drag the proper clips into your editing software.
And now we have all of our footage.
And like I mentioned, the version of footage that you're going to be working on if you downloaded,
this is going to be a slightly lower resolution.
It's not going to be Forcier.
Otherwise it would take you days to download the footage.
I compressed the original video files so that you can easily download and actually access them.
So I'm personally working with the full resolution files, which means.
If I were to create a new sequence from one of these four K files and hit play, what's going to happen
is the computer will be able to handle it at first.
But rarely do you have a computer, a laptop, a desktop computer that can really handle four K files
being played back at full resolution.
So when you're shooting for K on your phone or on your camera or with a drone or whatever it is, and
you're noticing that you're playback isn't smooth and it's going it's getting choppy.
We don't want that that kills your creativity and that doesn't allow for you to really get into your
flow state.
And the best, easiest way around that is to create what we call a proxy file.
Now, a proxy file is simply a temporary copy kind of stand in of the original file.
But it's a lower resolution file that's easy for your computer to playback.
This is what you use while you're editing is the proxy file.
And then when you're ready to export the final video, you turn off your proxy files and export with
the four resolution files.
And even if your computer doesn't lag on just playing back one for K file, I guarantee when you start
to really build out your edit and you have multiple layers and there's a lot of things going on in the
timeline and you're trying to play back at four K file, there's going to be some Chipley choppiness.
OK, so let's now get into the workflow on how to properly create a proxy file.
So what I'm going to start with here is by taking all of our footage that we have, and I'm to highlight
it.
And next, I'm going to right click, go to the dropdown menu, go to proxy and click create proxies.
What's going to pop up next is it's going to ask me what of the preset options I want to use.
I'm going to choose low resolution, proxy file, of course, higher resolution, more data for your
computer to try to playback smoothly.
The lower the resolution, the less data, the easier and more flow.
Your computer can have to playback your high rez files.
So I'm going to click low res proxy.
And before we hit, OK, we want to set our destination folder, OK?
Otherwise, it's going to save our proxies in some random place in your computer, and you're not going
to know where they went.
So let's click on Browse and let's now navigate to our proper editing folder.
And I'm going to create a proxy's folder.
This is where all the proxies are going to select the folder and hit, OK.
Now for Premiere, what this is going to do is it's going to pop up Adobe Media Encoder and it's going
to add all these proxy files to a queue.
Now, for whatever editing software that you're using, there's going to be some type of similar process
where it's going to be added to a queue.
And it's very likely that you'll have to just simply click the start or play button to start that queue,
to start generating those proxy files for your original files.
And here we go.
It looks like Adobe Media Encoder is already cooking.
You can see it's got all the files that we just chose queued up, ready to go.
And we're going to take a second to let these explorer.
OK.
And so that's really got my computer on one.
So if you can hear the fan in the background, I'm sorry, it kind of sounds like spaceship, but sounds
like a Tesla.
But that's because it takes a lot of computing power to convert these files.
So my proxies are done exporting.
And the next step, if it doesn't already show in your project window a proxy's tab, what we're going
to do is right click the top, go to metadata display, type in proxy.
Proxy hit, OK.
And now, as you see, we have this proxy column and it shows on all the files that we wanted to create
proxies for.
We've got him, and that is how you create proxies.
So you can come back to this lecture for any future projects to revisit how to create proxies so that
your computer can handle the high resolution files that you're working on.
In the next lecture, we're going to start dragging the footage into the timeline and start building
out our edit.